Alan Massengale reporting for ringtv
from the mob scene he at the world
famous wild card gym in Hollywood
California it is the final media workout
Bay 48 division world champion manny
pacquiao of course in less than three
weeks he takes on the undefeated Floyd
Mayweather Jr now Freddie Roach will
talk to him in a little bit he says that
Mayweather never wanted this fight very
interesting but the sniping continues
from Mayweather side he says that
Pacquiao is too reckless to win this
fight well on the downside for Pacquiao
it has to be admitted that he has not
had a knockout since 2009 against Miguel
Cotto that's nine fights and many people
thought he was washed up in 2012 when he
lost back-to-back first a close decision
to Timothy Bradley and then the brutal
knockout at the hands of Juan Manuel
Marquez but all that's behind him now
let's check in on him and see where he
stands now at this point Manny talk
about coming into this fight your
approach is your 65th professional fight
what's different about this one I mean
there you prepare hard every time what's
different the different is this one is a
more focus more in a tequila tasting
this path and also really a very
important and big fight in boxing
history yes ready manny has it had an
account since Miguel Cotto in 2009 a lot
of people to try to look at this fight
say he needs to win by knockout rather
than the decision in Vegas is that it
concern you or is that irrelevant at
this point going into this fight I don't
need a big point because this man he
moved to 147 yeah it's not a lot of guys
up if he goes back to 140 he will not
guys up but at 47 he sits on a big
puncher he's fighting guys that are much
bigger than I mean anyway 244 pounds
yesterday I mean I have to feed him five
times a day to get the weight on him the
other so the thing is he's never been a
bunch about 47 a me obviously these got
you know x times high time comes
Mayweather's yummy like 160 a man is
gonna be like 147 148 so yeah he is a
smaller guy but young but we will sell
it was but we're still win the fight I
got a feeling that you're going to try
to pressure Floyd go to cross to a lot
of punches try to hit him alot like what
you're thinking about yes throwing a lot
of punches in our aggressive like that
during how hard punches he also said you
your reckless style he doesn't respect
but there's reckless style that people
love what does he think that you're
reckless style is going to be a
disadvantage to you well I'm more
experienced now than before and I think
my recklessness is that's how people
like me I'm giving them excite exciting
fight and that's that's how I achieve a
twit different dimension do you stand by
the fact that you think the Floyd never
wanted this fight never ever wanted to
face back out I don't think so i think
use force / you guys in my general
public and i wouldn't be surprised if he
pulls out now but now Billy watches
fight like you when I say what we're
going to knock you out and I don't get
any response back except for oh yeah I
mean it's his boring speech at the press
conference I mean it was like the most
boring speech you haven't heard my life
one final question you haven't had a
knockout since 2009 that great fight
against Miguel Cotto a lot of people
think you need a knockout in this fight
what do you think and say about that I'm
doing my job and doing everything in
training to
to accomplish that and it is it's in
God's hands Thank You Manny good luck to
you pacquiao and mayweather haven't
spent a lot of time in front of the
media for this fight and I talked to a
couple of executives from the cable
networks they said well actually this
fight needs no height of course we've
been talking about it for over half a
decade from Hollywood I'm Alan
massengale reporting for ring TV